tip: Writing scripts to known container path (#298)
devcontainers/devcontainers.github.io: _implementors/features.md

> NOTE: These properties are stored within [image metadata](/implementors/spec/#merge-logic).

#### Writing scripts to known container path

> It may be helpful for a Feature to write scripts to a known, persistent path within the container (ie: for later use in a given lifecycle hook). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be helpful for a Feature to write scripts to a known, persistent path within the container (i.e. for later use in a given lifecycle hook). 
```

> Take the `git-lfs` Feature, which [writes a script](https://github.com/devcontainers/features/blob/4fca96b5e8a4bfc93679098cb19d73c65ce571eb/src/git-lfs/install.sh#L190-L216) to `/usr/local/share/pull-git-lfs-artifacts.sh` during installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take for instance the `git-lfs` Feature, which [writes a script](https://github.com/devcontainers/features/blob/4fca96b5e8a4bfc93679098cb19d73c65ce571eb/src/git-lfs/install.sh#L190-L216) to `/usr/local/share/pull-git-lfs-artifacts.sh` during installation.
```
